[Applause]
[Music]
what's up YouTube this is you I see
shadow and welcome to a new series of
videos I'm going to be doing called best
money missions in this series we're
going to be looking at all the contact
missions of GTA online trying to work
out which ones are the best for grinding
and farming money whilst also trying to
take into account how hard they are how
much it costs to actually buy the stuff
to do the mission as well as how
reliable they are to complete multiple
times while soloing on Hard difficulty
in this first video we're going to be
looking at missions for level 61 and
over but in later videos we'll look at
some of the other brackets for the low
level players so level 61 plus missions
where we got well there's only three
people that offer us missions there
Lester Martin and Trevor and here they
are listed as you'll see there are some
common popular ones in there such as
American exports stocks to stock rooftop
rumble chop it out and trash talk so
let's go through the list and see which
ones we're firstly going to eliminate so
firstly we're going to eliminate Docs to
stock a method in the madness and that's
because you require at least two players
to play them and when you're farming
you're ideally going to be looking for
missions that you can complete solo on
Hard difficulty next we're going to
eliminate any missions that are too
difficult or just take far too long and
that's because when you're looking for a
mission to grind you want to make sure
it's a chief more easy to complete
mission there are some missions out
there there are a lot of fun but quite a
big challenge and you just can't
reliably complete them justify keeping
them in the list so firstly we're going
to get rid of Lester's chemical
extraction and stocks and scares both
those missions require you to hack a
laptop or a terminal or a safe whilst
being attacked and whilst it is
technically possible solo to do that
it's quite difficult and you have to be
quite lucky therefore if you're farming
this sort of mission you don't spend ten
minutes to get to that point and then
lose both your lives the other one we're
going to lose is judging the jury and
that's again even with a buzzard on
single-player that is a difficult
mission and it can go horribly wrong I
even after fifteen minutes of playing it
leaving you with quite a small failure
payout so now down to a list of eight
missions three from Lester three from
Martin and two from Trevor now what we
need to look at next is how long it
takes on average to complete the mission
as you may have noticed and a lot of my
videos particularly since a 1.16 patch
when they change the payout system you
ideally want to look for a mission that
you can complete in four minutes or four
minutes you're getting the absolute
optimum payout
and after that completing the missions
in the
a two-time brackets will get you a
bigger payout a total the payout per
minute actually drops so looking at this
we've got rooftop rumble which can be
done in four minutes can actually be
done in three minutes 20 but to play it
safe and you wouldn't want to complete
it in sooner than that to get the best
payout you want to do in four minutes
there are four missions on the list that
we can complete in six minutes which are
American exports on maneuvers trash talk
and chop it out and then the final three
missions we can complete in eight
minutes
we should docks our stock to defender
and diamonds off Trevor so to get our
top five we can have to lose three of
these missions and logically they're
going to be the missions that take eight
minutes to complete so of those four
missions I'm going to keep defender in
the list and that's simply because the
mission is so easy that even though it
does take eight minutes you don't need
any equipment any armor really almost
any skill other than flying the
helicopter in order to complete it which
makes it ideal for farming so we've got
our five missions let's look at them in
a bit more detail and work out which is
best so starting at the bottom we've got
the level 70 mission defender from
Martin that will give us fifteen and a
half thousand dollars per minute if we
complete it in eight minutes which works
out at one thousand nine hundred and
forty three dollars per minute as I
mentioned this is a really simple
mission the only problem is if you're
grinding it it's going to get a little
boring in fourth place we have the level
65 mission American exports that will
get us 13,000 one hundred and forty
dollars if we complete it in six minutes
which works out at two thousand one
hundred and ninety dollars per minute
however for this you're definitely going
to need to buy body armor which is going
to cost you four to six hundred dollars
and you're going to need to spend out
quite a bit for ammo depending on which
option you take in the strategy third
place is the level 70 mission chopped
sale this will get you thirteen thousand
three hundred and twenty dollars in six
minutes which works out of two thousand
two hundred and twenty dollars per
minute now a couple of things about this
one the mission isn't or ously buggy in
fact at this current time Rockstar have
temporarily removed it from the game the
current buggy at the moment is the SUV
that you need to still doesn't actually
spawn all the time that said you can
still get to the mission by bookmarks
playlists and voting screens depending
on which strategy using may need quite a
bit of ammo as well but the other thing
to note for this mission which I've kind
of symbolized with a supposed to be a
teleportation icon is that it's a four
start location
and that means if you start up chopped
out anywhere on the map you will start
in a specific forced location now that's
actually good thing because it means you
can complete the mission get to the end
restart the mission and be straight back
at the start again which saves you time
and is ideal if you're looking for
missions to grind so when the mission
isn't bugged which usually happens
straight after a patch that's a pretty
good one to go for so second place level
81 mission by Martin called trash talk
this will get you thirteen thousand
seven hundred and twenty dollars in six
minutes which is two thousand two
hundred and eighty seven dollars per
minute however in order to complete it
in that time and guarantee that sort of
level payout you definitely need a
buzzard attack helicopter if you try
doing it without one as you'll see from
my strategy guide video for this mission
it will take you a significantly longer
time which again will get you a bigger
payout somewhere in the region of twenty
thousand but the per minute payout is
shockingly bad again this is another one
with a four start location so you will
be forced to start a martin's house and
so moving into first place
the best mission to farm at level 61 or
over is probably not a surprise to most
people level 75 mission from martin
rooftop rumble so you'll get $11,250 if
you complete it in just over four
minutes which works out at two thousand
eight hundred thirteen dollars per
minute again you will need body armor
which is going to cost you between four
and six hundred dollars and you will
need a significant amount of ammo
however you can see there's actually a
jump of six hundred dollars per minute
between trash-talk and rooftop rumble
this is more than offset by the payout
as you'll notice on the right hand side
of each mission there's an arrow you can
click to go to my strategic guides for
these missions and in those you'll find
various strategic options on how to
complete the mission I always try to
cater for people that don't have a
buzzard helicopter because it is quite a
bit to payout by one of those things
however as I have mentioned in other
videos i heavily recommend buying one
there are so many examples where they
make the missions easier faster and a
lot more reliable to complete so many
guys I hope you found that useful if you
did please feel free to support the
channel with your likes and
subscriptions as well as all my other
strategy guides for the low-level
missions
and my tips and tricks videos as well
cheers guys thanks for watching
[Applause]
[Music]
you